handle placeholder props (#10)
leafOfTree/svelte-lazy: README.md

- `placeholder: String|Component` Default: `null`. Placeholder before load.

> - `placeholderProps: Object` Default `null`. When using a Component as a placeholder, allows to pass props to the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `placeholderProps: Object` Default `null`. When using a component as a placeholder, the props will be passed to it.
```
